# Apotris-Girl-soundtrack
This repository contains SFX files for the game Apotris with a female voice, replacing the male voice in the original game.
# Before using this:
This project is a fan-made creation and is not intended for profit. If you have purchased anything, a refund will be issued immediately

This project is also not affiliated with or from akouzoukos - the author of Apotris. Use at your own risk.

These SFX files were 100% **generated by AI**.

# Setup:
- 1, Do a backup for your game (with all the Apotris' subfolder)

- 2, Replace the subfolder from the game with the one from [this release](<https://github.com/hieeeuvn/Apotris-Girl-soundtrack/releases>) (soon)

- 3, Run the `WINDOWS_build.bat file` (if you are on Windows) or `LINUX_or_MAC_build.sh` file (if you are on Linux or Mac)

If you have only an Android device

- Opt1: Borrow a PC
  
- Opt2: Use Winlator
# Progress
Tested with [Apotris v4.1.0](<https://akouzoukos.com/apotris/downloads>). Other versions are not yet confirmed.
# q&a
- Q: It seems like my music folder is corrupted.
  A: Just copy the one from your backup to your game
- Q: My old savestate not work after the setup
  A: After the setup, you game can only work with battery save file (.sav or .srm).
  Q: So how can I fix it?
  A: Copy the game files from your backup and then copy them to the location where you have the game ROM you're using to play. Restart the game, adjust a setting, and then exit to the menu. A message will appear saying "save changes?" and you just need to click save. Then repeat the setup process, launch the game but don't load the savestate, play a round, save the savestate, and you're done.
